What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
a file named .git will be created in working directory
We need it in order to save commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is the area where files are stored for commitment.
The files that are in staging area might be commited.
It is different from working directory and repository

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Staging area is just place where files are ready to commit
They can be tranferred to repository after they are committed
committing after adding something new or debugging error us way to use staging area logically

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches are really helpful in making different versions of program Like make Chinese version of game, Different difficulty level for game.
It keeps track of Original version and Other versions.
New and old versions are differed by id which is not user friendly. Branch allows you to give user friendly names to different type of versions

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
We can see how's our branch actually in the .git file If we make a diagram

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
merging two brances together creates a new branch, whose parent branches are two branches themselves.
you can see this by using git command git log --graph.
Because they are saved in computer as like diagram we make.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Git can find where the changes are between two commits.
Git adds required lines into the new version automatically and also gives proper loaction where conflict occoured.
Git cannot resolve conflict by itself. Required to fix conflict manually.