How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
We can use terminal programs and compare old and new version>
By using FC command in windows we can see the difference in differnt line.
For Difference to work more effeciently. We should make short line. Which I'm not doing right now.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Because they will be stored in the internet, giving different version names.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Well if Ill do manually It will be lot more easier for me to compare two files.
If I do it to save in Google Docs. I might encounter problems like which of two files I should compare.
Also It may take lot of time what I really want to search.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because Verson controls like Google Docs update files in Server. i.e. Files are updated separately with seperate versions.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log is used to show all the commits that were done recently. (Dates in ascending order)
git diff can be used to compare two commits by the help of their commit id

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Because It can create a checkpoint between any changes I make in my program. Allowing me to fix my bug easily

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I will use it for version controls
Ill try to use it to move and copy directories if I dont feel bored
Ill use it to make new folders and stuffs.
Ill use git to Open my virtual Machine i.e Linux which I have downloaded according to udacity.com